README.md, before:

## WELCOME TO BANGAZON INC

This application allows the Human Resource and IT departments at the company Bangazon Inc. to manage employees, departments, training programs and computer resources at the company.

### EMPLOYEES

### DEPARTMENTS
The default view for departments should list all of the departments, with a column that shows the number of employees assigned to that department. Each department should have a details view button that will show you more details about the department, including each employees first/last name.

You can create a new department by clicking the create new button and giving it a name and budget.

### TRAINING PROGRAMS
The index view should default to showing upcoming trainings. Each training should have details for editing, deleting, and details. At the bottom of the page, there should be a button to see all past (started before today's date) trainings.
Past trainings should only have a details button attached to them.

Creating or editing a training program requires the start date to be earlier than the end date, and then depending on the date relative to today will post to one either upcoming or previous trainings list.

### COMPUTERS
From the index view, you have the option to view a list of computers or create a new computer.  When viewing the list, you will also see the currently assigned employee.

If you click on the 'create new' link, it will bring you to a form where you can add in the details of a computer (make, manufacturer, and purchase date) and assign it to an employee.  Please note: An employee can only have one computer at a time.  Assigning an employee to a new computer will unassign them from any previous computers.

From the index view you can also click on the make or manufacturer of the computer to go to a details view.  Here you will see additional details about the computer such as the purchase date and decommission date (if applicable).  From this view, you can delete the computer.  NOTE you can only delete a computer if it has never been assigned to an employee.

Commit message:

added employees name to the assign screen and updated readme

README.md, after:

## WELCOME TO BANGAZON INC

This application allows the Human Resource and IT departments at the company Bangazon Inc. to manage employees, departments, training programs and computer resources at the company.

### EMPLOYEES

#### Assign an employee to a training program
From the employee details view, you can click on the 'assign to training program' affordcance to assign the employee to a training program.  You will be presented with a screen that has their name and a dropdown of future training programs that they are not already registered for.

### DEPARTMENTS
The default view for departments should list all of the departments, with a column that shows the number of employees assigned to that department. Each department should have a details view button that will show you more details about the department, including each employees first/last name.

You can create a new department by clicking the create new button and giving it a name and budget.

### TRAINING PROGRAMS
The index view should default to showing upcoming trainings. Each training should have details for editing, deleting, and details. At the bottom of the page, there should be a button to see all past (started before today's date) trainings.
Past trainings should only have a details button attached to them.

Creating or editing a training program requires the start date to be earlier than the end date, and then depending on the date relative to today will post to one either upcoming or previous trainings list.

### COMPUTERS
From the index view, you have the option to view a list of computers or create a new computer.  When viewing the list, you will also see the currently assigned employee.

If you click on the 'create new' link, it will bring you to a form where you can add in the details of a computer (make, manufacturer, and purchase date) and assign it to an employee.  Please note: An employee can only have one computer at a time.  Assigning an employee to a new computer will unassign them from any previous computers.

From the index view you can also click on the make or manufacturer of the computer to go to a details view.  Here you will see additional details about the computer such as the purchase date and decommission date (if applicable).  From this view, you can delete the computer.  NOTE you can only delete a computer if it has never been assigned to an employee.
